# Off Board Blink
The Off Board assignment was much different then the other assignments done during this lab.  As opposed to relying on the inner circuitry of the MSP430G2553, the G2 chip was removed from the board and placed on a breadboard with several other components and ran the Multiple Blink programs.

This objective was solved with first graphing out what exactly the code did and what would have to be converted from the development board to the breadboard.  The first thing that was thought of was to branch off of the Vcc line with a capacitor to take out all of the AC Voltage.  The voltage was made sure to not be too much by just connecting the 3.3V power supply from the board onto the breadboard.  Next, a 130 ohm resistor was connected in series with both of the LEDs to reduce the voltage going through them and decrease the chance of blowing out the LEDs.  The LEDs were hooked up to the same pins as the were on the board.  Lastly, the reset button had to be created so that we could the inital state could be accessed at any time.  This was done by hooking the reset pin to a resistor connected to power and a capacitor connected to ground.  A jumper cable was then connected to a button which was connected to ground to create a path for the voltage to go instead of going into chip, thus reseting the circuit.  Once this was all confirgured, the two LEDs blinks at their respected rates, just as they did on the development board.  All the features of the circuit can be seen in the video attached. 
